Houston Paul used to podcast
morning Paul Paul used in podcasting 101
I'm glad you're going to be able to make
it and you and Nikki Nick are going to
be heading down or you flying in and
then riding with Nikki Nick by car hope
you guys can upload a few little shorts
on the road assuming you've got some
sort of a video air card or your cell
phones Bluetooth and you get your
notebook or something with you where you
can pop it up I use my verizon pocket pc
it's an old 6600 see video I'm shooting
with a San you excited HD one I can take
the little SD card out of the camera and
pop it over into the pocket pc and you
know just upload on the fly so i am
planning on uploading as many short
clips as I can they are in San Francisco
and can't wait to meet both you guys I
did a little video a while back on you
you know talking about traders jumping
YouTube dude I Love You Tube I mean it's
awesome but I'm a programmer myself and
there are so many features that can be
added to a social media networking site
that you know I just don't have the time
in the day and that's why I'm podcasting
here because our YouTube and whatever I
want to be a part of what I feel is the
very disruptive technology i first
started watching podcast back i guess
about four or five months ago and caught
cali lewis is geek brief which is geek
brief TV for the first time and I went
oh my god and started looking at
different pod catchers like instant
media and my favorites democracy you
know which I said in a prior phys review
anyway bottom line is i find myself more
and more not having time for regular TV
and enjoying everybody's videos that are
out there whether your quote one of the
youtube elite that are going or not I
mean everybody this participating is a
part of you know the community and
that's a web 2.0 is all about is people
getting together and either virtually or
in real life which you know this is a
real life event and we got some great
people coming whether you tube is paying
them or not I'm seeing a lot of chatter
on that score or whether people are
doing it out of their own pocket you
know what guys who cares I mean
everybody's going to get together and
have a great time I hope some of you
people out there can join me at some
point I'm going to be April seventeenth
and Miami Florida Friday april twentieth
Kings work Bermuda Wednesday April 25th
ported I'll go portugal on how to
pronounce it sunday april 29th Cork
Ireland and then April 30 at dublin
ireland get with Queen as skid by
believe is how you pronounce her name
she lives there in Dublin I love to meet
up with her and anybody else that can
make it to Dublin may second Paris
France and may third London that England
anyway please let me know if you're
going to make it to the Sanford Cory San
Francisco meet up because I'm trying to
keep a list on a new site i just added
which is YouTube meetup com and that way
we all know who all is going and we can
watch each other's vids before we get
there so because who's going to know
who's who you know it's like everybody's
gonna swarm around Cory and you know the
the big stars like you of course fall I
mean and also you guys call it whoever
replies to your videos please let me
know i mean i'm running out of bandwidth
trying to read all yells for 200 400
comments on people going I'll be there
I'll be there anyway please shoot me an
email if you're going to be there or
Paul if you you know get people to reply
to yours please check my list and let's
try to get a comprehensive list here of
at least the people we know that are
going to be there also anybody want to
go to Alcatraz on sunday i think it'd be
great to lock Bohemond and a few other
people in in a few cells maybe get
katelyn dragging around a little steel
ball and be a lot of fun anyway let me
know thanks bye
you